Create an application to manage (Create, Read, Update and Delete) notes.

One note has id, title, body, tags, timestamp, owner

Commit note: Changed message when note list is empty. Added pwa on build mode.
TODO's:

  Backend:
  TODO: Create application API.
    Setup express project using express-generator.

  TODO: Add authentication to application API.
  TODO: Connect frontend with application API.



    Create a button to toggle dark mode.
    Is a good idea create a store to manage dark mode state.

  TODO: Add notifications to inform user when action is done or undone.
  Use banner component. This task you need to do before you create an API.


  This is for portfolio:
  TODO: Create a index page.
  TODO: Create a about me page.
  IDEA: Group of links (AboutMe, Contact, Web Applications). Navbar
  IDEA: Show an image (you) and slogan (I believe on digital point of view).
  IDEA: Put the first letter of your name and surname on logo.
  IDEA: Title and purpose (Ariel Scull, Fullstack web developer)
  IDEA: Show a screenshoots about web applications
  IDEA: Use z pattern.



Manage notes:

  YES: You need to set a smallest device to develop your application. A good
  canditate is mom's smartphone (4 inch).
  YES: Hide and show elements on toolbar.
  YES: Put search bar on main toolbar. Create a new layout to do that. Some applications
  use the main toolbar to put action buttons.
  Toolbar should be on page, not on layout.




Manage users:

TODO: Create a "Create" user page (Register)

TODO: Create a "Update" user page.
TODO: Create authentication page.


Centralize application data:

TODO: Create user store.
TODO: Create a backend storage to centralize host, port and requests code.


DONE:

  Add dark mode.

  Create a Progresive Web Application.

  Customize message when notes table is loading.

  Use PWA on development and production mode. I changed build command to
  quasar build -m pwa and the publish directory to ./dist/pwa

  Customize message when notes table is empty.

  Resize texarea control on note form.

  Fix logic that show warn when user exit from CreateNote page.
      Commit message: Modified notes store,

  Fix logic that show warn when user exit from UpdateNote page.

  Add icons to toolbar buttons (on listNotes page).

  Improve search button on small screen.

  Create a toolbar to group all the buttons to control application.

  Modify toolbar to fit on small devices.

  Create a "List" note page.
  Customize cards
  Create a toolbar to manage notes.
  Implement a select all checkbox.
  Implement "delete" button.
  Implement "update" button.
  Implement "search" text input.
  Implement characters length contraints on title and body notes.
  Implement click pointer on notes cards.
  Implement change of color on card when user hovers it.
  Implement a "create" button.

  Improve update note toolbar.

  Create a "Create" note page.
  Create a form component to create and update notes.
  Create a "Read" note page.
  Create a "Update" note page.

  Create note store.

  A user can't modify date and time of the note. This properties should not be
  configurable using a form.

  When user click a note on listNotes page should go to updateNote. Delete readNote page.

NO:

  Create application menu.

  Customize list note page (notes table). A idea is change table for a
  list. Is more simple. One solution is use a common table without grid mode.

  Add AJAX bar.

  Add WYSIWYG editor to note form. This a application note, not a text editor.
    Put all commands inside WYSIWYG editor. Then select and remove unnecesary elements.

  Add uppercase to "select all" checkbox.

  On small screens, show a dropdown button on toolbar to save space.

  Put a checkbox on updateNote to allow or disallow edit note. This feature
allow eliminate readNote page, beause updateNote implements this funcionality.

Create a "Delete" user page.

Create a "Read" user page.

Create a "Delete" note page.
